README.md, before:

# RUSE MODS

## Economy + Buildings + Expensive Arty

### Price

- Admininistration Building multiplied by 2.4x
- Bunkers multiplied by 3x
- Supply Depots remain unchanged
- Every other building multiplied by 1.5x
- Every Artillery unit multiplied by 10x
- Every Assault Gun unit multiplied by 10x
- Every Rocket Launcher unit multiplied by 10x

### Hit-points

- Bunkers multiplied by 8x
- Every other building multiplied by 2x

### Misc

- Supply Depots have an infinite resource supply (convoy is 1/10s, rather than 3/30s due to workaround)
- Admininistration Building income increased by 2x

<br>

## Economy + Buildings

### Price

- Admininistration Building multiplied by 2.4x
- Bunkers multiplied by 3x
- Supply Depots remain unchanged
- Every other building multiplied by 1.5x

### Hit-points

- Bunkers multiplied by 8x
- Every other building multiplied by 2x

### Misc

- Supply Depots have an infinite resource supply (convoy is 1/10s, rather than 3/30s due to workaround)
- Admininistration Building income increased by 2x

<br>

## Economy

### Price

- Admininistration Building multiplied by 2.4x

### Misc

- Supply Depots have an infinite resource supply (convoy is 1/10s, rather than 3/30s due to workaround)
- Admininistration Building income increased by 2x

<br>

## No Arty

### Units

- Disabled all Artillery units
- Disabled all Assault Gun units
- Disabled all Rocket Launcher units

<br>

## Normal

- Vanilla RUSE data file

Commit message:

feat: implement SCBM + Infinite Depots

README.md, after:

# RUSE MODS

## SCBM + Infinite Depots

### SCBM

- https://www.moddb.com/mods/rscbm-ruse-supercrumpets-balance-mod/downloads/ruse-scbm-0-97b3

### Misc

- Supply Depots have an infinite resource supply (convoy is 1/10s, rather than 4/40s due to workaround)

## Economy + Buildings + Expensive Arty

### Price

- Admininistration Building multiplied by 2.4x
- Bunkers multiplied by 3x
- Supply Depots remain unchanged
- Every other building multiplied by 1.5x
- Every Artillery unit multiplied by 10x
- Every Assault Gun unit multiplied by 10x
- Every Rocket Launcher unit multiplied by 10x

### Hit-points

- Bunkers multiplied by 8x
- Every other building multiplied by 2x

### Misc

- Supply Depots have an infinite resource supply (convoy is 1/10s, rather than 3/30s due to workaround)
- Admininistration Building income increased by 2x

<br>

## Economy + Buildings

### Price

- Admininistration Building multiplied by 2.4x
- Bunkers multiplied by 3x
- Supply Depots remain unchanged
- Every other building multiplied by 1.5x

### Hit-points

- Bunkers multiplied by 8x
- Every other building multiplied by 2x

### Misc

- Supply Depots have an infinite resource supply (convoy is 1/10s, rather than 3/30s due to workaround)
- Admininistration Building income increased by 2x

<br>

## Economy

### Price

- Admininistration Building multiplied by 2.4x

### Misc

- Supply Depots have an infinite resource supply (convoy is 1/10s, rather than 3/30s due to workaround)
- Admininistration Building income increased by 2x

<br>

## No Arty

### Units

- Disabled all Artillery units
- Disabled all Assault Gun units
- Disabled all Rocket Launcher units

<br>

## Normal

- Vanilla RUSE data file
